README.md, before:

# zcash-mini

`zcash-mini` is a minimal, portable Zcash wallet generator in Go.

```
$ go get -u github.com/FiloSottile/zcash-mini

 - or -

$ git clone https://github.com/FiloSottile/zcash-mini
$ cd zcash-mini && make && mv ./bin/zcash-mini /usr/local/bin/
```

```
$ zcash-mini

###############################################################
#
#  Here is your new z-address
#
#      zcZvkjKo24G8LzSiU9UEvPeeu6rCYJc46bhe5dsYLqNgcR12GFCQsE6Z6w4LH3Mb82aYoGgpjRpK8VcwTesaFbpPZhmkCJe
#
#  and here is the secret key
#
#      SKxoocXqMjxsiE3DdEguWhcbqf3vz45rpMdmVqXPwzReBBDhXj6v
#
#  KEEP IT SAFE, IT HAS NOT BEEN SAVED ANYWHERE
#
#  To spend, import it with
#
#      zcash-cli z_importkey KEY rescan
#
###############################################################
```

You can generate vanity addresses with `-prefix` or the very, very slow `-regexp`. You can get script-friendly output with `-simple`.

**This is experimental software and it will eat your money, your hard drive and your pets.**

## Use cases

* offline and paper wallets
* non-Linux amd64 environments (Raspberry Pi, OpenBSD, ...)
* machines without the resources to run a full node

## Features

* offline generation of z-address wallets
* vanity addresses
* paper / brain wallet generation (TODO)
* 200 LoC, easy to review
* pure Go, easy to cross-compile / deploy

Balance management and spending operations are not supported.

## Intended workflow

* generate a z-address with `zcash-mini` on a secure machine
* optionally turn it into a paper wallet
* receive Zcash on a t-address in a full node
* send the Zcash to the z-address yourself
* to spend the Zcash, export the private key to a full node

Commit message:

Add existing key mode - fixes #4

README.md, after:

# zcash-mini

`zcash-mini` is a minimal, portable Zcash wallet generator in Go.

```
$ go get -u github.com/FiloSottile/zcash-mini

 - or -

$ git clone https://github.com/FiloSottile/zcash-mini
$ cd zcash-mini && make && mv ./bin/zcash-mini /usr/local/bin/
```

```
$ zcash-mini

###############################################################
#
#  Here is your new z-address
#
#      zcZvkjKo24G8LzSiU9UEvPeeu6rCYJc46bhe5dsYLqNgcR12GFCQsE6Z6w4LH3Mb82aYoGgpjRpK8VcwTesaFbpPZhmkCJe
#
#  and here is the secret key
#
#      SKxoocXqMjxsiE3DdEguWhcbqf3vz45rpMdmVqXPwzReBBDhXj6v
#
#  KEEP IT SAFE, IT HAS NOT BEEN SAVED ANYWHERE
#
#  To spend, import it with
#
#      zcash-cli z_importkey KEY rescan
#
###############################################################
```

To re-process an existing key instead of generating a new one, use `-key`.

To generate vanity addresses use `-prefix` or the very, very slow `-regexp`.

To get script-friendly output use `-simple`.

**This is experimental software and it will eat your money, your hard drive and your pets.**

## Use cases

* offline and paper wallets
* non-Linux amd64 environments (Raspberry Pi, OpenBSD, ...)
* machines without the resources to run a full node

## Features

* offline generation of z-address wallets
* vanity addresses
* paper / brain wallet generation (TODO)
* 200 LoC, easy to review
* pure Go, easy to cross-compile / deploy

Balance management and spending operations are not supported.

## Intended workflow

* generate a z-address with `zcash-mini` on a secure machine
* optionally turn it into a paper wallet
* receive Zcash on a t-address in a full node
* send the Zcash to the z-address yourself
* to spend the Zcash, export the private key to a full node
